Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this section, we're going to be able to pick image from either gallery or camera.
Okay.
Now, in order to do this, we are going to be using the package.
So you're going to need to head up to your browser and then head up to pop the depth.
And over here, we are going to search for a package known as image picker.
Okay.
And then we have to click on this first link or via.
But before then you can basically see what it does flow to plug in for selecting images from the Android
and OS image library and taking your pictures with camera.
So we're going to need to click on this first link over here and we need to copy this code and then
head back to our VTS code and then.
The pulse beck dot yaml file.
And.
We are going to need to pace this right over here.
Now, use control, and that's to save this file.
Okay.
This is going to get the package.
And after it finishes, you're going to need to stop your half of it and rerun.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next.
Let's.